Again...
*A gun is cocked and aimed at Lucifer's head.*
Have I played that song too much?
I have, haven't I?
*Lucifer turns towards the masked thieves*
Still, there are far less drastic ways to put in a new song request.
What's your poison?
Poison?
ABBA?
*Thief*
Revenge
*Lucifer*
I'm not familiar.
But if you hum a few bars, I bet I can keep up.
*The thief takes off his mask to reveal who he is.*
Well, if it isn't Mr. "Saidout bitch"
*Lucifer slowly gets up from his chair.*
I'm glad to see you've recovered from your adventures in the desert.
*Lucifer walks towards his bar while the gun is still pointed at him.*
*Thief*
I almost died, because of you.
*Lucifer*
You were driving a stolen Brinks truck, full of cash.
Because of me, you're not in jail forever.
*Lucifer grabs a bottle of scotch.*
You're welcome.
*Thief*
I was walking around in the desert for days.
I barely survived.
It got so bad, that I started hallucinating.
I-I remember you having wings.
*Lucifer*
You remember correctly.
*Lucifer pours himself two glasses and drinks both of them.*
But I'm different now.
*Thief*
I don't know what that means, and I don't care.
I needed that money.
You know, I did my research on you.
You're loaded.
So pay up.
*Lucifer*
I think your research may have been a little...
*Lucifer grabs the end of the gun and crushes it.*
..Inadequate
*The thief drops the gun and is confused.*
*Lucifer's eyes start to glow red.*
*He picks up the thief and lifts him off his legs.*
*Thief*
I didn't hallucinate, did I?
*Lucifer*
What do you feel? Confusion?
Disgust?
Terror?
*Thief*
Mostly terror.
*Lucifer*
I wonder if that's what she felt.
*Thief*
Who?
*The 4 other masked thieves surrounding him start to open fire. The bullets have no effect on Lucifer.*
*Lucifer*
The detective, of course.
*Lucifer drops the first thief to the ground.*
*Thief 2 yells*
*Thief 2 starts to attack Lucifer. Lucifer blocks his punch and it launches the thief far back.*
*Thief 2 collides with Thief 4 and they both fall onto the ground.*
*Lucifer*
You see, recently, she discovered my true nature.
*Thief 3 yells*
*Lucifer grabs Thief 3's throat as he was charging Lucifer.*
*Lucifer*
And in that moment, as I waited to see what her reaction would be...
*Lucifer throws Thief 3 all the way to the other side of the club with his superhuman strength.*
*Thief 3 screams*
*Thief 3 hits the ground hard and is knocked unconscious.*
*Lucifer*
..the police streamed in, pulled her away.
I mean, she'd been shot after all.
*Thief 1 is looking at Lucifer in fear.*
*Thief 4 runs towards Lucifer and manages to hit Lucifer in the face. Lucifer is unfazed by the punch.*
*Thief 4 yells*
*Lucifer grabs Thief 4 and he struggles to break free.*
She was gone.
She'd left Los Angeles, on a vacation.
*Lucifer throws Thief 4, he hits the wall and is knocked unconscious.*
*Thief 4 grunts*
That was a month ago.
I've been telling myself she's
simply processing what she learned.
*Thief 2 slowly gets back up and pulls out a knife.*
*Thief 2 yells*
*Thief 2 charges at Lucifer with the knife. Lucifer grabs Thief 2's wrist and breaks it.*
*Thief 2 screams in pain*
*While still holding the knife, Lucifer pushes Thief 2's arm towards his leg, making Thief 2 stab himself.*
*Lucifer grabs Thief 2's jacket and throws him at the bar. Thief 2 is knocked unconscious.
I mean, it can be quite jarring to discover someone's actually the devil.
*Lucifer's eyes start to glow red for a brief period again.*
What if she's already made up her mind?
What if she's decided that I am evil incarnate?
*Lucifer slowly walks closer to Thief 1 until they are face to face.*
And what if she's right?
*Thief 1 is afraid of Lucifer.*
*Thief 1*
Don't kill me man. Please.
I-I'm just a thief. That's all.
*Lucifer*
That's not true.
*Thief 1*
E-Excuse me?
*Lucifer*
That's not all you are.
Don't get me wrong, you are indeed a thief.
*The scene jump cuts into Lucifer's room with lots of money and gold.*
But perhaps you deserve a chance to prove
to people that's not all you are.
*Lucifer starts giving Thief 1 as much money gold as he can carry. Thief 1 is really confused why Lucifer is doing this.*
Alright, here you go.
Money to cover any debts that you owe.
Pay for your friends downstairs' medical bills.
And have a chance at a new life.
A chance for people to see you, in a different way.
*Lucifer puts a crown on Thief 1's head.*
*Thief*
This is a trick, right?
*Money slips from Thief 1's arms and falls to the ground.*
*Lucifer*
You need a show of faith on top of all this?
Very well.
Since I left you trouserless on our last two encounters,
how about I balance the scales?
*Lucifer starts to unbuckle his belt and take off his pants.*
*Lucifer gives Thief 1 his pants. Thief 1 stares at the pant-less Lucifer.*
*Thief*
Ooookay, um.
We're even now...sort of.
Could I just go now?
*Lucifer*
Absolutely.
*Thief 1 starts to exit the building. Mazikeen walks in and the 2 of them walk past each other.*
*Mazikeen*
Sup?
*Thief*
*Mazikeen*
Hey.
*Mazikeen stares at Lucifer's bottom half as he still has no pants on.*
Hey stranger.